Hello, and welcome to the Petty Profit Podcast, where we talk about news, politics, and culture.
From a Christian worldview, I am your host, Joel Berry. And if you are new, if you're just joining us, just to let you know, we release two episodes a week. One is a solo episode.
So with me, like what you're hearing today,
Today and on Thursdays, we release what we call the Man Hug, which is a group discussion between me and my two brothers, Aaron and Sam.
And we cover a wide variety of topics in politics, Christianity, culture. We always have a fun time doing it. So if you're just joining us, I'm glad you're joining us. I hope you find the content
The content encouraging and informative. But today is going to be a little bit different content-wise for me. Just want to let you know right off the bat, this is my...
This is more of an update and a check-in than anything else.
And I want to give you all a little update with what's going on with the Petty Profit and with me.
This quarantine has been a really weird time for podcasts with.
So many lives being disrupted, schedules and routines being changed. It's been weird for sure.
This podcast was just starting to really take off in listenership before the covid crisis began and it all kind of ground to a halt once the quarantine hit
hit.
But what's cool about that, though, is that those of you who are still listening and,
I've maybe alluded to this before once or twice, so bear with me. Those of you who are still listening are doing so in spite of the disruption, in spite of the chaos. And maybe
Man, I really appreciate that. I'm grateful.
that you are continuing to tune in. Thank you for that. And I wanted to explain why there was a little bit less content on the site last week.
The reason for all this is I was writing a bit more for the Babylon Bee. So some of the jokes that would have been put up on the petty prophet,
I ended up on the B. Some I put in the backup reserve tank at the B, which is kind of there to help provide content for the site when the editor-in-chief is on the B.
I was on vacation or need some jokes and a pinch. And some that I wrote, I just discarded because they weren't really that funny. So I was I was I was.
very focused on trying to get stuff up for the B last week and that that took up a little more of my time I wasn't able to get as much up on the profit so I apologize for that
At the bare minimum, I do want to keep $200,000 in debt.
Coming to you with this podcast, Um, at the very least. So, um?
But just to to kind of let you know you know what what it was like uh last week with
writing for the b i was a ah i was an absolute nervous wreck last week i have to say um being given the opportunity to.
to be a part of one of the
You know, the biggest satire sites in the world and my favorite satire site in the world and one that is, you know,
Deep in the trenches of the the daily culture war, talking about subjects that are often mired in controversy, but in a way that makes people laugh.
Um, I was feeling tremendous pressure last week and I wrote some stuff that bombed and I was obsessively watching the shares and the.
errors in the retweets and the comments. And I was a mess, frankly. I really was a mess.
But it gave me a taste for the pressure, Um that the editor in chief of the site must experience on a daily basis. And you know,
And they crank out content every single day.
And the daily pressure to be funny, I can't imagine. I cannot imagine. I found myself feeling very impressed with the piece.
uh... shown by the folks there uh... at the b and the ability to avoid jumping into arguments and controversy online the singular focus that they have on just right
Just writing the next funny joke to make people laugh, to bring a little levity to people's lives. Peace. Peace.
Peace.
That's a word.
That word peace, it kept coming to mind to me.
Now, whether they always feel that way on the inside or not, the content creators for that site have a certain quality of peace.
and serenity about them that seems odd for folks so often caught up in the daily outrages, slights, offenses, controversy that we find ourselves in every single
single day and I found that very admirable.
Now, it got me thinking about the fruits of the Spirit listed in Galatians 5.
Peace is one of those fruits. peace, to refresh you on the full list. the fruits of the spirit are as follows.
Love?
Joy,
Peace.
Patience,
Kindness.
Goodness.
Faithfulness,
Gentleness,
And self-control.
How are you doing in those areas?
Um, one mistake I make sometimes is looking at this list like a to do list or a list of qualities that I need to focus on or work on, um, patience, you know, for example,
So for example, patients, I really need to work on patients. I'm going to try to be more patient today.
But that's not really the right way to look at this list, is it?
This is a list of fruits. This is a list of natural byproducts.
It's a list of evidences that someone is walking in the spirit.
1. When we walk in the Spirit, when we abide in Christ, in his words abide in us, these fruits just happen.
Happen. they just happen. That takes a little of the pressure off, doesn't it?
These qualities listed, which are completely unnatural qualities for a human being and extremely rare in our day,
Um, are not our work.
It's not our work.
They are the work of the spirit. They are the fruits of the spirit.
In all we are asked to do,
It's to abide in him.
To sit at his feet
And listen.
To walk with him.
To hide his words of truth and comfort in our hearts.
And man, we need...
that these days, don't we? I need that.
There's so much anger and impatience and lack of peace and gentleness in our world today. We are all on edge right now.
Whether it's about the virus,
The political controversy that surrounds it
The family dynamics of interrupted routines and uncertainty about the future.
Jesus' invitation to us is simple.
it's not a chore we must accomplish every morning to be a good Christian it's not something we check off to say we did it it's a gift he wants to offer us
He wants to give us his words of life.
He wants to help us walk in his spirit.
He wants to give us his peace.
So I'm going to stop talking.
Go do that right now.
talk to your father, talk to Jesus,
Tell him about what's troubling you.
Go to his word and hide a little of it in your heart.
And let his peace
Be yours today.
Let his peace be yours today.
So that's all I have. Just wanted to update you. I'll try to continue to roll out content on the profit as I kind of split with the B. It is an honor and a reminder.
and our privilege to be a part of what they're doing there. I'm really just extremely grateful. So,
God bless you and your family as you continue in these these crazy times
This is Joel Berry, and you are listening to the Petty Profit Podcast. Thank you.